argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ The Royal Commission on Capital Punishment which reported in 1953 ( Cmnd . 5932 ) examined the experience of countries throughout the world where the death penalty has been abolished , restored , abolished again or where it existed in some parts and not in others . The outcome of the analysis of this mass of evidence was indecisive as the Commission reported : This is an issue on which it is extraordinarily difficult to find conclusive @arguments@ either way The general conclusion which we have reached is that there is no clear evidence in any of the figures we have examined that the abolition of capital punishment has led to an increase in the homicide rate , or that its reintroduction has led to a fall . We also reviewed such evidence as has been submitted to us about the possible relation between the number of executions in particular years and the incidence of murder in succeeding years .
argument.n 1 0 0 0 0 0 @ It is difficult enough for an individual to be consistent , let alone a society . Are all pro - lifers anti - capital punishment , anti - nuclear weapons and anti - cars ? Supposing that we did turn away from the cheap @arguments@ , where could we find a better way ? Sadly , the Warnock majority is confused as to its basic philosophical argument , condemning utilitarianism in its foreword but relying on it in justifying its crucial recommendation to allow experiments up to 14 days , only to reject it again in opposing the routine testing of drugs on human embryos at any stage from conception . The Government has wisely allowed legislators to choose between this approach and one of the Warnock minority alternatives .
argument.n 1 0 0 0 1 0 @ Now , can everybody see a paper ? James Alastair Iain Donald Angus hold them up. There are our @arguments@ I believe we can muster sixteen thousand names they must listen to that . So sign your names , friends , or make a mark if need be . We must have one great voice in this , and it must come from every quarter , up to Rannoch , along the loch to Glen Ogle and Loch Earn .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ The main grounds appeared to be the danger which it might pose to the small Southern protestant minority by encouraging mixed marriages . However , no evidence favouring such a contention has ever been produced . Harry MacAdoo , then the Church of Ireland archbishop of Dublin , on several occasions put forward the @argument@ that Southern protestants were a minority group with their own culture and traditions , and thus deserved to have schools for themselves in order to hand on their own traditions . When considering the merit of this argument , one does have to bear in mind the particularly precarious nature of the Southern protestant grouping . Protestant opposition to integrated schooling is sometimes heard in the North , particularly from the fundamentalist camp , who not only fear catholic infiltration of state schools but are opposed to anything other than Bible protestantism in religious education .
argument.n 0 0 0 1 1 0 @ Provincial resisted InterCity 's relatively modern but redundant 1960s coaching stock , and nailed its colours firmly to the mast of the Sprinter DMU . The two - car diesel unit provided ultimate flexibility and low operating costs , plus the chance to attract new business with smart new stock operating on faster schedules . The government accepted the @argument@ , and approved the investment . Network SouthEast , struggling to cope with its massive upsurge in business , proceeded with complete refurbishment of serviceable 1960s stock and started massive investment in new trains , notably its Networker . Parcels was happy to operate with a small fleet of locomotives and hauled stock , plus a fleet of 1950s passenger DMUs converted for load carrying .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ Here you are talking and holding forth , says the latter , but tell me this : are you going to kill the old woman yourself ? Translators have would you kill ? here , but Dostoevsky uses the future tense for the officer , whereas the student 's I would kill is genuinely in the conditional . This distinction should be preserved ( even though the Russian verb is not quite square with the English ) , since it belongs to the novel 's overall life - against - logic @argument@ : in theory the student would kill her , but in fact he wo n't . Of course not ! he tells the army officer , and that 's the end of it . Acting by theory , Raskolnikov does kill her , and life impinges .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ Reviewing and criticism are separate activities , but the best literary journalism can provide genuine and valuable criticism , as Morris Dickstein has pointed out . What is needed are more journals that are prepared to publish long , serious , reflective essays or review - articles , as the London Review of Books does . Victoria Glendinning , writing as a biographer and literary journalist , has offered some judicious thoughts on the question , which summarize much of my @argument@ : No one could doubt that the application of the academic mind to literature has been salutary in bringing rigour and discipline into criticism : cleaner texts , scholarly annotations , precise analysis , intelligent even transforming interpretations and readings ; and an intolerance for woolly emotional responses , vague inflated recommendations , and subjective wallowings of all kinds . But the academic mind , and the exigencies of the academic career , have had the effect of splitting off academic approaches to literature from the reading , in that word 's widest sense , of ordinary people
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ An animal 's environment , the food it eats , the rigours of its existence and its genetic make - up may all affect the taste and texture of its flesh . But what we do n't know , Sam Weller told me , is the relevant importance of those factors . Research was then produced by Jeff Woods from the Institute of Food Research which backed up part of Sam Weller 's @argument@ . A cross - bred boar was reared and fed indoors in a pen , under identical conditions to a domestic pig , and the meats from the two carcasses tasted exactly the same . Clearly environment and diet do determine the taste .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ THE MAGAZINE Private Eye will have to wait two to three weeks to find out whether it has won a retrial on libel damages of 600,000 awarded against it to Sonia Sutcliffe , wife of the Yorkshire Ripper . Lord Donaldson , Master of the Rolls , sitting with Lord Justices Nourse and Russell , yesterday reserved their judgment after Private Eye had rejected an offer from Mrs Sutcliffe to allow the Court of Appeal to set the amount of damages . In his final @arguments@ in the three - day hearing , Gavin Lightman QC , for the magazine , said that if a retrial was ordered it intended to subpeona the editor of the Mail on Sunday , Stewart Steven , and two senior journalists from the company in an effort to discover the truth behind a 25,000 payment to Mrs Sutcliffe . Mr Lightman claimed that if the jury which had awarded the 600,000 had known that Mrs Sutcliffe was not adverse to taking money for her story , the outcome could have been different . He said evidence of private conversations between journalists of Associated Newspapers about the secret deal , and of Mrs Sutcliffe 's deliberate concealment of The Mail on Sunday 's actions , could throw completely new light on the case .
argument.n 0 0 1 0 0 1 @ The choreography likewise evokes changes of weather and mood but without displaying any overt narrative development . The two central , baggy - suited dancers , Lynne Bristow and William Trevitt , either mirror each others ' movements ( the old man perhaps communing with his diary ) or else dance as a couple ( the man reliving past relationships ) . Thus some slow , desiccated waltzing and gentle leans have the quietude of an old couple on a dull mild day ; sequences of deft , steppy footwork and sharp edged leaps have the high spirits of blustery sunshine , while a duet of rhythmic fidgety gestures has the feel of a lifelong @argument@ continued during a rainy afternoon . The other four dancers regularly interrupt or echo these sequences with images from the past a robust trio , whose folk steps and causally thrown jumps have the coltish energy of adolescence and two couples who look like lovers courting in the 1920s . By the end this quartet depart the stage in a halting dance of death and Trevitt is rolled up in a carpet , leaving Bristow alone without partner or diary .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 0 1 @ And so I think it is worth recalling what W.H. Auden wrote of Beerbohm in 1965 : Greatly as I admire both the man and his work , I consider Max Beerbohm a dangerous influence just how dangerous one must perhaps have been brought up in England to know . His attitude both to life and art , charming enough in him , when taken up by others as a general cultural ideal becomes something deadly , especially for the English , an intelligent but very lazy people , far too easily bored , and persuaded beyond @argument@ that they are the Herrenvolk . One may be amused though not very that after living in Italy for forty - five years Max still could not speak Italian , but such insularity is not to be imitated . Good sense about trivialities , he once wrote , is better than nonsense about things that matter .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ Her affection for the Bomb is explained by the fact that it is energy - charged and penis - shaped . All of which is quite funny for a bit , but becomes boring because it is obviously such rubbish . What is particularly boring about it is that all the @arguments@ are circular . Having observed Thatcher 's boorish behaviour , Abse comments : Such a jealous and ruthless super - ego can only have been formed by a prohibiting mother who is brusque and prematurely insists upon early toilet training . From that possibility , he goes on to blame bad potty - training for all her character defects .
argument.n 0 0 0 1 0 0 @ They may , however , not be exactly what the author would have preferred , as a colour plate which is readily available ( perhaps having been used in another publication ) is much cheaper to use than a new plate which has to be commissioned . The reader can thus be aware that a writer may have written round what happens to have been offered . This may be important in assessing how well a writer illustrates an @argument@ . The standards which can be obtained in colour reproductions today are high , but not always attained . Comparison of illustrations of the same picture in several publications will demonstrate this truism , while the best test of looking at a reproduction in front of the picture itself can be a disheartening experience .
argument.n 0 0 0 1 0 0 @ And yet he took no steps to reintroduce it in later editions . I believe he came to see it would not do . As with the censored Christian @argument@ in Notes from Underground , I believe an unfathomable good luck wearing the face of bad luck was on his side at the start . If Raskolnikov was to have mounted an assault of something like Grand Inquisitor proportions , if he was to have expatiated on the whole God business not being worth the pain of one misused child , then the time was n't ripe ; we must wait for Ivan Karamazov . And if Sonya was to have replied to him , what could she have said ?
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ The younger said that religious experience was too valid to be dismissed by mere reason , that reason was not all of humanity . The argument went on and on . The elder was contemptuous when the younger replied to his crushing @arguments@ by the reply , the reason why you think like that is that you do n't say your prayers . Michael 's problem was that he saw the glamour in Frank 's position : the love of liberty ; the excitement in the free pursuit of truth ; the shaking off of convention and mere conformity ; the feeling that religion was a stuffy valley out of which he had grown . He also had to recognize that his brother was an unselfish person ; so that the axiom , only religious people are unselfish did not wash .
argument.n 0 0 0 0 1 0 @ A black - box approach to the schooling process was used with no direct investigation of processes within the schools . Finally , while it could be argued that Greeley and Rossi tell us something of catholic versus state schooling in the US , they have nothing to tell us about catholic versus Christian , multi - denominational schools , which is what most of the argument in Ireland is about . But the central and substantive @argument@ that defenders of Roman catholic schools have had to deal with is that the dual school system in Northern Ireland encourages , supports , or at least reinforces the sectarian divide , and that it forms part of the vicious circle maintaining conflict in Ulster . It has been argued that one could help to break that circle by integrating the school system ( Fraser 1974 ; Heskin 1980 ) . A small number of empirical studies actually done in Northern Ireland have been invoked in the course of the debate .
